(Music)
Erion Williams: We're kind of silent
in here, aren't we?
How's everybody doing?
Everybody all right?
(Applause)
Ladies and gentlemen, live and direct
from New Orleans, Louisiana,
we are The Soul Rebels,
and we're here to party with you.
Is everybody ready to get down?
(Cheers)
Let's do something right here, c'mon.
(Music)
Ladies and gentlemen,
we give you with pleasure
the Soul Rebel horn.
(Music)
Everybody put your hands
together like this here.
(Clapping)
(Music)
(Trumpet solo)
(Trombone solo)
(Saxophone solo)
(Trumpet solo)
(Trombone solo)
(Music)
(Music ends)
(Applause)
(Music)
Live at TED, y'all.
The Souls Rebels in the house.
We're gonna do
an original tune right here.
We need everybody participating
and getting along with this one.
Let's try it.
(Singing) Everybody sing
rebel rock, rebel rock, rock.
Sing rebel rock, rebel rock, rock.
C'mon, rebel rock, rebel rock, rock.
I said are you ready?
C'mon, rebel rock --
Get yourselves ready
to get up and party, y'all. C'mon.
Rebel rock, rebel rock, rock.
Are you ready?
C'mon, rebel rock, rebel rock --
Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' about.
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon.
Rebel rock, rebel rock, rock.
Are you ready?
C'mon, rebel, rock, rebel rock, rock.
Rebel rock, rebel rock, rock.
Now we're at a party. Let's go!
(Music)
(Saxophone solo)
I need everybody to get with it.
Everybody, come on.
(Singing) Sing soul rebel --
rebel, rebel rock.
Sing soul rebel --
We're talking for a second.
Everybody say, "Chuh chuh chuh
chuh chuh, chuh chuh chuh,
chuh chuh chuh chuh chuh chuh chuh ..."
Everybody in the building say,
"Rock it, don't stop it."
Rock it, don't stop it.
C'mon, I said the rebels be rockin'.
The rebels be rockin'.
Everybody say, "Kick
the beat, beat, beat."
Kick the beat, beat, beat.
Soul Rebels rock.
It's the hip-hop.
C'mon, Soul Rebels rock.
Soul Rebels rock.
It's the hip-hop.
Over here at TED tonight.
Everybody c'mon.
(Singing) Sing Soul Rebel --
rebel, rebel rock.
Sing soul rebel --
Let's go.
(Music)
(Applause and cheers)
Yeah!
Y'all give it up
for Mr. Paul Robertson on the trombone.
(Applause and cheers)
Mr. Corey Peyton on the trombone.
Marcus "Red" Hubbard on the trumpet.
(Applause and cheers)
Julian Gosin on the the trumpet.
Lumar LeBlanc on the snare drum.
(Applause and cheers)
Manuel Perkins on the sousaphone.
Derrick "Oops" Moss
on the bass drum and percussion.
(Applause and cheers)
Erion Williams on the tenor saxophone.
Is everybody havin' a good time tonight?
(Cheers)
We're gonna do one more for you --
original tune titled
"Rebel On That Level."
Keep that handclap going, y'all.
I feel it, c'mon.
(Clapping)
(Music)
(Trombone solo)
(Trumpet solo)
(Music)
(Music ends)
(Applause and cheers)
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
The Soul Rebels. Thank you!
(Applause)